LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
Light Sartorius:
BEHOLD! ARCANA...
HER ARMS FORM
THE "SCALE OF JUDGMENT!"
IN ONE HAND SITS ASTER'S KEY.
AND WHERE'S ASTER!?
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK!
HE'S IN ARCANA'S OTHER HAND!
ARCANA NEEDS TO BE
HOLDING BOTH KEYS!
IF NOT?
THEN THE SCALE OF JUDGMENT
WILL TIP...AND ASTER
WILL FALL!
SO WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE?
THE KEY TO THE SATELLITE?
OR YOUR FRIEND'S LIFE!?
HA HA HA!
YOU WIN!
Others: NO!!
Linda: WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?
WE'RE GONNA DO
THINGS MY WAY, BRO!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
BUT I DON'T NEED TO DUEL YOU.
YOU'VE ALREADY GIVEN
ME WHAT I WANT.
WHAT WAS I THINKING!??
SATELLITE KEYS...
COME TO MY HANDS!
I'M AFRAID I HAVE
OTHER PLANS.
NEOS, IT'S YOU!
YES AND I SHALL
PROTECT THESE KEYS.
DEFEAT SARTORIUS IN THIS DUEL
AND THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION
WILL BE SEALED AWAY FOREVER.
NOW, LET THE LIGHT
BARRIER ENVELOP US!
NEOS!
HA HA HA!
TAKE THE KEYS AND
UNLOCK THE FATE OF MAN!
IN MERE MOMENTS...
THE PEOPLE OF EARTH
WILL WORSHIP ME!
GRR.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Hassleberry: GET BACK
HERE WITH THOSE KEYS!
MY LEG!
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH
ENOUGH ALREADY!
LET ME HANDLE THE PRINCE!
NAAH.
THIS IS JUST AN OLD
BATTLE INJURY, THAT'S ALL.
I'LL BE FINE.
I'VE GOT DINO
BLOOD IN MY VEINS!
[CHUCKLES]
IT'S SHOW TIME.
LADIES FIRST!
LOSERS SECOND!
GOT IT!?
SO I SUMMON MYSTIC EGG!
AN EGG!?
WHAT'S NEXT--
A SIDE OF TOAST!?
MAYBE SOME BACON!?
BON APETIT!
PLAY WITH YOUR FOOD
ALL YOU WANT, KID!
BUT I'M IN THIS THING TO WIN!
YOU'RE LOOKIN' AT
THE NEXT CHAMP!
SO SIT BACK...AND WATCH!
I'LL START WITH THIS!
BEETRON-1:
BEETLETOP!
NEXT I'M KICKIN' IT
SPELL-CARD STYLE!
WITH MY FRONTLINE BASE!
LET'S FACE IT, KID...
WHY HAVE ONLY ONE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD WHEN I
CAN HAVE TWO, RIGHT!?
SO I'LL DOUBLE MY
FUN...WITH THIS!
BEETRON 2: BEETLETURBO!
AND THIRD TIME'S THE CHARM!
'CAUSE THIS SPELL
CARD...
LETS ME PLAY
BEETRON-3:
SPIDER BASE!
ALRIGHT, BOYS!
IT'S BREAKFAST TIME!
SO BEETRON THREE...
SCRAMBLE THAT EGG NOW!
NEXT UP...BEETRON TWO!
ATTACK THAT DORK DIRECTLY!
AND DON'T FORGET...BEETLETOP!
AAH!
COME ON!
THE POOR KID JUST
GRADUATED ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!
SO GIVE HER A BREAK!
HA HA HA!
IF IT'S A BREAK SHE WANTS...
THEN ALL SHE HAD TO
DO IS ASK.
BEETRONS...MERGE TOGETHER!
MEET ASSAULT
CANNON BEETLE!
NOW...ABOUT YOUR BIG "BREAK."
CANNON, BREAK HER DOWN!
DON' COUNT
YOUR CHICKENS YET!
WHAT'S THE DEAL!?
I ALREADY CRACKED
THAT ROTTEN EGG!
EXACTLY, CHAZZ!
I WAS HOPING
YOU'D DO THAT!
'CAUSE NOW THE MONSTER
THAT'S INSIDE...
CAN COME OUT
AND PLAY WITH US!
LET'S JUST HOPE HE'S IN
A GOOD MOOD!
HUH?
READY, PAL?
THEN COME ON OUT!
YOU CALL THAT
THING A MONSTER!?
COME ON!
I'VE SEEN BOOGERS THAT
WERE TOUGHER THAN HIM!
SPEAKING OF BOOGERS...
IT'S YOUR "PICK."
THINK YOU'RE FUNNY?
THINK AGAIN!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
MYSTIC REVOLUTION!
SO GUESS WHAT?
MY LITTLE DRAGON HAS
A GROWTH SPURT!
NOW MYSTIC DRAGON...
ATTACK HIS
ASSAULT CANNON BEETLE!
UH!
ALRIGHT...
NOW YOU GOT ME MAD!
HA HA HA!
YOUR MIND IS LIKE
AN OPEN BOOK!
AND I CAN SEE EXACTLY
HOW IT'S GOING TO END!
YEAH, RIGHT!
LOOK, DUDE...I KNOW
YOU THINK YOU KNOW
EVERYTHING...
BUT SOME
THINGS IN LIFE...
JUST
CAN'T BE PREDICTED!
SO PIPE DOWN!
I ACTIVATE MY R-RIGHTEOUS
JUSTICE SPELL CARD!
SO YOUR BARRIER'S HISTORY!
WHICH MEANS...ALL MY
MONSTERS GET THEIR POWERS BACK!
YOU'D LIKE TO BELIEVE
THAT WOULDN'T YOU!?
WELL, YOU'RE WRONG!
THANKS TO MY EMPEROR'S STAFF!
FOR THE DURATION OF
THIS TURN...
ALL OF MY CARDS ARE
SAFE FROM HARM!
AND THAT INCLUDES MY BARRIER!
YOUR TRAP LETS ME
DRAW A NEW CARD.
I SUMMON MY
NEO-SPACIAN
AQUA DOLPHIN!
[GROANING]
YOU OKAY, BRO?!
I'M AFRAID IT'S
HIS LIGHT BARRIER.
IT'S DRAINED MY POWERS.
OH, JUST GREAT.
HA HA HA!
SO MUCH FOR YOUR
NEO-SPACIAN FRIENDS!
IT SERVES THEM RIGHT.
THEY SHOULD'VE STAYED
ON THEIR OWN PLANET!
THIS ONE IS MINE!
BUT HE NEEDS THEM!
OTHERWISE HE CAN'T WIN.
EXACTLY. THAT'S WHY
HE NEEDS TO
RECHARGE THEIR STRENGTH!
BY GETTING RID OF THAT
BARRIER ONCE AND FOR ALL!
YEAH, BUT HOW!?
SARTORIUS CAN PREDICT
JADEN'S EVERY MOVE!
IF JADEN'S
TAUGHT ME ANYTHING,
IT'S THAT NO
ONE'S DESTINY IS
WRITTEN IN STONE.
HEY, PRINCE!
WHERE ARE YA?!
HUH?
HEY!
DROP THOSE KEYS!
HMM? OH!
GIMME THAT!
TOO LATE!
OH, YEAH?
I'LL SHOW YA "TOO LATE!"
SEE?
WHAT'D I TELL YA!?
NUTHIN' TA WORRY ABOUT!
EXCEPT THAT!
THE SATELLITE'S
ALREADY BEEN ACTIVATED!
SAM HILL!
HA HA HA!
ONCE IT STARTS...
THE SATELLITE
CAN'T BE STOPPED!
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S SO FUNNY!?
I FEEL STRONGER THAN EVER!
HA HA HA!
WHICH IS MORE THAN I
CAN SAY FOR THEM.
BUT DON'T WORRY, I'LL PUT
THEM OUT OF THEIR MISERY
SOON ENOUGH!
JUST GO!
I'D BE CAREFUL WHAT
I WISHED FOR.
NOW LET'S GIVE MY
LIGHT BARRIER A SPIN!
FEELING LUCKY?
IF IT LANDS UPSIDE DOWN,
THE BARRIER IS DESTROYED!
BUT DON'T GET YOUR HOPES UP!
JUST AS I PREDICTED...
IT STAYS!
IS THAT ALL YOU'VE GOT!?
YOU KNOW BETTER THAN THAT!
SO I SUMMON THIS!
ARCANA FORCE FOUR--
THE EMPEROR!
AND NOW FOR ITS
SPECIAL EFFECT!
SURPRISE!
IT'S RIGHT SIDE UP!
SO BOTH OF MY MONSTERS
GET FIVE HUNDRED POINTS!
AND AS FOR YOU...
LET'S START WITH YOUR
AIR HUMMINGBIRD.
ARCANA ATTACK!
MY BARRIER HAS ANOTHER POWER!
WHENEVER I DESTROY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS...
I GET ALL
OF ITS POINTS!
AND YOUR HUMMINGBIRD
HAD EIGHT HUNDRED!
NOW WATCH...
AS MY EMPEROR
TAKES HIS TURN!
OH!
BUBBLEMAN!
HA HA HA!
I'LL TAKE HIS
POINTS AS WELL!
WHAT'S HE GONNA
DO!??
Syrus: ONE BY ONE,
JADEN'S LOSING
HIS BEST MONSTERS!
HA HA HA!
THERE'S NOT MUCH YOU
CAN DO, BUT GO AHEAD.
DON'T MIND IF I DO!
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN...
AND CALL IT A TURN.
JUST AS I SUSPECTED!
YOU'RE COMPLETELY
OUT OF OPTIONS!
AS FOR ME...
I ACTIVATE...
CUP OF ACE!
SINCE IT'S
RIGHT-SIDE UP...
I DRAW TWO CARDS.
SO LET'S SEE WHAT
I'VE PICKED UP.
AHHH.
I ACTIVATE...
ARCANATIC
DOOMSCYTHE!
AND TO ACTIVATE ITS POWER...
A CARD FROM MY HAND...
GOES TO THE GRAVEYARD.
THEN I'LL ATTACK!
ARCANA FORCE FOUR...
DESTROY HIS
AQUA DOLPHIN!
AND THANKS TO MY
ARCANATIC DOOMSCYTHE...
YOU LOSE POINTS...
EQUAL TO YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK STRENGTH.
I COUNT SIX HUNDRED,
HOW ABOUT YOU?
OH, NO!
HA HA HA!
OF COURSE, THANKS TO
MY LIGHT BARRIER...
THOSE POINTS GO TO ME!
BUT IT GETS WORSE!
BECAUSE MY ARCANA
FORCE TWENTY ONE!
IS ABOUT TO ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
NOT GONNA HAPPEN!
'CAUSE I PLAY THIS!
IT'S MY HERO SIGNAL!
AND IT LETS ME SUMMON MY
CLAYMAN TO PROTECT ME!
YOU SEEM TO HAVE
FORGOTTEN MY DOOMSCYTHE!
NOW YOUR CLAYMAN'S
ATTACK POINTS
COME RIGHT OUT OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
UH! AAH!
JADEN!
OF COURSE, YOUR LOSS...
BECOMES MY GAIN.
COME ON, JADEN.
TIME'S RUNNING OUT!
YOU GOTTA FIGHT BACK!
YEAH, BUT WITH WHAT?!
ALRIGHT...I NEED A PLAN.
COME ON, JADEN THINK!
I'VE GOTTA DEACTIVATE
HIS LIGHT BARRIER.
UH, I CAN HEAR YOU.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO THINK
WITHOUT SPEAKING NEXT TIME!
IF THERE IS A NEXT TIME!
BEHOLD!
MY SATELLITE LASER!
[GASPS]
NO WAY!
MY PLAN'S ALREADY BEGUN.
AS SOON AS IT REACHES
FULL POWER...
LIGHT SHALL ENVELOP
YOUR WHOLE PLANET!
AND EVERYONE WILL WORSHIP ME!
HOLD ON!
I'M NOT FINISHED YET!
HA HA HA!
YOU POOR NAIVE BOY.
YOU WERE FINISHED BEFORE
WE EVEN STARTED DUELING!
IT'S FATE.
I'VE SEEN YOUR FUTURE.
YOU'LL SUFFER A
DEVASTATING LOSS.
AND BECAUSE OF YOU...
EARTH WILL BE REBORN!
WHERE AM I?!
IS THIS EARTH?
'CAUSE IT SURE
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE IT!
OH.
IT'S DUEL ACADEMY!
AAH!
[CHUCKLING]
TELL ME, HOW DID
YOU LIKE YOUR VISION
OF THE FUTURE!??
WOW!
THAT WAS WICKED!
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?!
I SHOWED YOU A VISION
OF YOUR FUTURE!
AND YOU JUST LAUGH?!
SURE!
'CAUSE IF THAT
VISION WAS TRUE...
YOU WOULDN'T BE
HERE DUELING ME,
NOW WOULD YA?
SO TELL ME...WHY
SHOULD I BELIEVE YOU?
DESTINY.
YEAH, YEAH.
HOW MANY TIMES YA
GONNA USE THAT LINE!?
"DESTINY'S" JUST A MYTH!
AND I'M HERE TA PROVE IT!
SILENCE, HUMAN!
YOUR IGNORANCE IS MATCHED
ONLY BY YOUR LACK OF TALENT!
STICKS AND STONES!
HURL ALL THE INSULTS
YOU WANT!
BUT AS FOR ME...
I'LL BE HURLING
MY CARDS!
AND TRUST ME, THEY
HURT A LOT MORE!
WANT PROOF?
THEN LET'S GET OUR
GAME ON, SHALL WE!?
AND I'LL START....
WITH THIS!
POT OF GREED!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
I GET TWO MORE CARDS!
NEXT, I PLAY...
MY O-OVERSOUL!
I GET TO BRING BACK
AN ELEMENTAL HERO FROM
MY GRAVEYARD!
AND I CHOOSE
MY SPARKMAN!
THEN I'LL HOOK HIM UP WITH
FIVE HUNDRED BONUS POINTS
COURTESY OF MY H-HEATED
HEART SPELL CARD!
AND NOW...PAYBACK TIME!
TAKE OUT HIS EMPEROR!
AND REMEMBER...
YOUR LIGHT BARRIER'S
EFFECT HELPS ME
OUT, TOO!
AND LAST...
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN AND
LET YOU GO!
HA HA HA!
SO AHHH...WHAT WAS THAT
YOU WERE JUST SAYING
ABOUT DESTINY?
WHY?
ARE YOU SUGGESTING I
DIDN'T FORESEE THAT?
I SEE EVERYTHING!
AND I'LL PROVE IT!
OBSERVE!
SEE THAT CARD UP THERE?
IT WILL LAND RIGHT-SIDE UP.
WHAT?!
UPSIDE-DOWN?!
IMPOSSIBLE!!!
HOW 'BOUT THAT?
I GUESS YOUR FORESIGHT'S
NOT AS GOOD AS YOU THINK!
[THINKING]
THEN IT'S TRUE!
JADEN IS THE BOY WHO
CAN ALTER DESTINY!
THE CHOSEN DUELIST WITH THE
POWER TO EXTINGUISH THE LIGHT!
OF COURSE, TO DO THAT...
HE FIRST NEEDS TO WIN!
[CHUCKLES]
STOP YOUR LAUGHING!
LIGHTEN UP!
THIS IS WHAT DUELING
IS ALL ABOUT, BRO!
HAVING A GOOD TIME!
NONSENSE!
HATE TA BREAK IT
T'YA...
BUT IT'S TRUE!
NOT EVERYONE DUELS
FOR WORLD DOMINATION
AND ULTIMATE POWER!
I GOTTA TEACH YOU
ABOUT A LITTLE THING
WE HUMANS
CALL "HAVING FUN!"
LET ME TELL YOU,
IT SURE BEATS BEING
A MANIACAL NUT-JOB!
IT'S TRUE!
IF YOU'RE NOT HAVING A
GOOD TIME, WELL, THEN...
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE MISSING!
ENOUGH!
I JUST WANNA HELP!
IF YA JUST
CHILLED OUT...
YOU'D SEE THAT THIS
WORLD ISN'T SUCH
A BAD PLACE!
UH, SYRUS...?
DOES HE REALIZE HE'S REASONING
WITH A PSYCHOPATHIC ALIEN?
YOU KNOW JAY.
HE LOVES GIVING
THIS SPEECH.
ARE YOU DONE?!
IF SO...THEN
LISTEN CLOSELY!
I HAVE SOME WORDS OF MY OWN!
ARCANA FORCE TWENTY ONE,
ATTACK HIS SPARKMAN!
HA HA HA!
YOU WERE RIGHT!
DUELING CAN BE A
GREAT DEAL OF FUN!
Jaden: GO
HERO COUNTERATTACK!
NOW LET THE GOOD
TIMES ROLL!
SINCE YOU DESTROYED
SPARKMAN...
YOU PICK ONE
'A MY CARDS!
AND IF IT'S
AN ELEMENTAL HERO...
I GET TO SUMMON IT!
OH, AND AS AN EXTRA
LITTLE BONUS, GUESS WHAT?
ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS IS DESTROYED!
IT DOESN'T TAKE
A FORTUNETELLER
TO FIGURE OUT WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA CHOOSE!
'CAUSE I'VE GOT
SOME BAD NEWS!
I'M ONLY HOLDING
ONE CARD!
UH!
WHICH MEANS
YOU HAFTA PICK IT!
HOW'S THAT FOR DESTINY!?
SO COME ON OUT...
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
JADEN,
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE
TO DEFEAT SARTORIUS
AND SEAL AWAY THE LIGHT!
ONLY THEN CAN I USE MY
POWERS TO STOP THE SATELLITE!
FOOLISH BOY! THE END
HAS ALREADY BEGUN, SO
I'M AFRAID YOU'RE TOO LATE!
GUESS AGAIN!
A DUEL'S NOT OVER 'TIL
THE LAST CARD'S PLAYED!
SO THIS GAME...IS ON!
AND I SUMMON
NEO-SPACIAN GLOW MOSS!
NOW NEOS...
MERGE WITH GLOW MOSS
USING CONTACT FUSION
IN ORDER TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
GLOW NEOS!!
BUT THAT'S NOT
THE ONLY SURPRISE!
EVERY ROUND MY GLOW NEOS
WIPES OUT A CARD ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
AND THE TYPE OF CARD
HE DESTROYS...
DETERMINES HIS EFFECT.
BUT WAIT!
THAT'S RIGHT!
LIGHT BARRIER'S ALL
YOU'VE GOT LEFT!
CORRECTION:
ALL YOU HAD LEFT!
GLOW NEOS, DO YOUR THING!
SO IT'S TIME FOR THAT
EFFECT I TOLD YOU ABOUT!
HE CAN ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
GUESS WHAT?
I CAN SEE
YOUR FUTURE.
AND IT'S LOOKIN' BLEAK!
NEOS!
TAKE 'IM OUT.
AHHH!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON, COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪